[Music]
so
the shop was closed sir i'm in awe miss
annie
your skills are legendary here you are
at your work
my wife she hasn't been at all well of
late
the doctor prescribed taking the sierra
but has been a little slow
what a wonderful opportunity it would be
for her to walk out with you
i'm not looking for an apprentice
i don't like the water
beautiful you can go out tomorrow to
find the rest of it
[Music]
it seems your mrs madison
has been able to unlock something in you
[Music]
i don't want to go back to the life i
had before you
what about my life
is it that i'm all alone
yet in my dreams afford my view
that thinks on me and loves me too
[Music]
i start and when the visions flow
i weep and i'm all alone
[Music]
you